.TH SELINK 1 "June 2014"
.SH NAME
Selink \- computes selection statistics over a dataset
.SH SYNOPSiS
.B selink
[\fB-q\fR]
[\fB-n \fIN\fR|\fB-l \fIN\fR [\fB-b\fR]\fR|\fB-P
.IR FILE
\fB-C \fIN\fR]
[\fB-w\fR] [\fB-s\fR] [\fB-p\fR] [\fB-K\fR] [\fB-i\fR] [\fB-c
.IR FILE\fR]
[\fB-f
.IR FILE\fR]
[\fB-o
.IR path_prefix\fR]
[\fB-T\fR|\fB-a\fR]
.IR path_prefix
.SH DESCRIPTION
Selink exists.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -q ", " --quiet
Turns off printing of progress in console.
.TP
.BR -n ", " --numb " " \fIN
Specify the size of analysis window in SNP number. (default 1000)
.TP
.BR -l ", " --lenw " " \fiN
Specify the size of analysis window in base number.
.TP
.BR -b ", " --best
Choose the nearest to the limit SNP instead of the last in range
when using
.BR -l \fR.
.TP
.BR -P ", " --pos " " \fIFILE " " \fB-C " " \fIN
Use
.I FILE
as position of SNPs filter. Take position for the chromosome
.I N\fR.
(default all positions)
.IP
This option has never been tested. It may compute stats only centred
on specified positions but it will takes into account non specified
position for computing stats centred in specified positions anyway.
.TP
.BR -w ", " --omega
Display more omega based statistics.
.TP
.BR -s ", " --ihs
Display ihs statistics.
.TP
.BR -p ", " --pi
Display piA/piD statistics.
.TP
.BR -K ", " --freq
Display haplotipic frequency on window.
.TP
.BR -i ", " --inter
Turns inter population statistics ON.
.TP
.BR -c ", " --comp " " \fIFILE
Load omega vectors from
.I FILE \fR.
.IP
This option has never been tested.
.TP
.BR -o ", " --outfile " " \fIpath_prefix
Output results in
.I path_prefix\fR_\fIPOP_ID\fR.out
and
.I path_prefix\fR.interpop
instead of stdout.
.TP
.BR -f ", " --filter " " \fIFILE
Use
.I FILE
as population filter with also merged populations in one. (default all population)
.TP
.BR -T ", " --hapfile
Use .hap haplotypes file type instead of .phased file.
.TP
.BR -a ", " --arp
Toggles .arp input file reading ON.
.IP
This option is unpluggeg for now.
.TP
.BR -v ", " --version
Print version number and exit.
.TP
.BR -h ", " --help
Print this man page and exit.
.SH EXAMPLES

.SH AUTHOR
Pierre Boutillier <pierre.boutillier@laposte.net>
